Questions:
  What is an MPLS network

(S) = Service provided by Amazon

AWS Platform

In 2010 Amazon.com was moved to AWS

11 regions
     Each region consists of multiple availability zones (2 or more). Each of these zones is its own datacenter

52 Edge Locations (CDN End Points)
     These are utilized by cloudfront to cache data close to user

Go through all services on aws.com and know them (look at the main bio of the service)

Elastic Block Storage (S) Allows you to have  block level storage, so you can specifically format EBS for a windows file system, etc.  You can then connect this to an EC2 instance.  If you turn off an EC2 instance, EBS is persistent.
  You can do both magenetic or SSD storage

AWS Markplace has Amazon Machine Images (AMI)
  Can include preconfigured AMI's for compliance with different regulatory bodies

Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) (S)
  Spreads incoming traffic evenly amongst your servers (EC2 instances)
  You can point your Route 53 Domain at the ELB.
  Has health check mechanisms to see if EC2 instance is alive

S3 (S)
  Uses:
    File shares
    Backup
    Origin for CloudFront CDN's
    Hosting Static Files/Websites
  Can have metadata (key/val pairs) on each storage
  Can Trigger events
    I.e. If someone puts something in our bucket we can send to:
      SNS topic
      SQS queue
      Lambda function
  Upload/download your data via SSL
  Can automatically encrypt your data at rest
  Can manage your keys through:
    AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
    Native Amazon S3
    Providing your own keys
  Private by default
  Allows Access Control Lists
    I.e.: An individual user can only have access to 1 bucket and only have read access
  Integrates with AIM via roles.
  Static Websites can be hosted on S3
    If you're expecting a large amount of traffic, you can just put a static version of the website on s3.  S3 will deal with the load balancing, auto scaling, etc.
  Integrates with Cloud Front CDN
  Multipart uploads, allows you to upload parts of a file concurrently
    Suggested for files over 100mb (requried for files over 5 gigs)
  Lifecycle management
    Can be used in conjunction with versioning
    Can be applied to current or previous versions 
    Following actions are allowed in conjunction with or without versioning:
      Archive Only
      Permanently Delete Only
      Archive and then permanently delete
  Versioning
    Stores all versions (including all writes and deletes)
    Once enabled can't be completely disabled (only suspended)
  Encyption
  Automatic redundancy across availibity zones
    Eventually.  Might not occur right away
  99.99% for S3 Platform (standard and reduced redundancy storage)
  99.999999999% (nine 9's) durability for S3 information (standard storage)
  99.99% for the reduced durability S3 Storage (only for non-important files)
  Automatic
  Object storage
  Maximum is 5 tb
  Unlimited storage
  Files are stored in Buckets
    Each bucket has a unique namespace(URL) for each region

Glacier (S)
  Achival storage, takes about 3-5 hours to retrieve information
  Think how a glacier stands the test of time