General Notes
  When doing these types of attacks, it's important to "view source" on the returned page if it's blank.
    Ex: web.config is an XML file, so it might not directly render to the screen.

  While these ideas pertain to Google, other web searches have similar functionality.
    Look for an "Advanced Search" option.

More Ideas
  Google
    "Google Hacking"
      If google indexes ftps, what other types of protocols does it index?

      When doing specialized google searches, don't just do them in the default web section also in others (Groups and News, etc.)

      Repeat the Search with the Omitted Results Included
        Go to the last page of the query and select the aforementioned option.

        By default, Google attempts to filter out redundant results by removing pages that it believes are sufficiently similar to others included in the results.

        By overriding this behavior, you may be able to uncover subtly different pages that are of interest to you.

        When you've found an interesting page, view the cached version.
          Sometimes the cached copy contains resources that can't be directly accessed in the application without auth or payment.

          The Cached content may expose "older" server side functionality that might still be in place (and thus is vulnerable.)

        Once you're finished doing your "Google Recon", utilize the same techniques on other domains belonging to the organization.



Google Searches
  If someone accidentally does a index.html symlink to their root directory in their web hosting directory, then a user can potentially access all files on the server.
    You'll see page like directory_trav.png

    In general, do a google search for pages like this that show inappropriate file access.  Maybe there's a ubiquitous line of HTML that is persistent in these types of situations.  What about the folder icon pic? (Maybe you can key off of that)

  Look for coporate fileshares that aren't locked down.

  inurl:elmah.axd filetype:axd "Error log for"
    This is for a popular error logging module, but you can use this for other urlnames or files.
      Ex: database.bak

  inurl:ftp inurl:web.config filetype:config
    If you find these ftp's, can these ftps also be written to as well?
    Google will actually index ftp URLs as well
      As long as anonymous access is enabled

      web.config
        ASP.NET config file that contains very sensitive information

      filetype:config
        This helps mitigate false positives, such as open source projects on github.

  site:www.target.com
    Returns every resource within the target site that Google has a reference to

    site:www.target.com login
      Returns all the pages containing the expression login

      Other ideas:
        Site maps, password reset functions, admin menus, etc.

  related:www.target.com
    Returns pages that are "similar" to the target (thus there's a lot of irrelevant material)

    Although, this information may also discuss the target on other sites, which can be of interest. 

  system.ini
  